Refactor docs [WIP] (#43)
r2u-io/documentation: docs/react-native/augmented-reality.md

---
title: Augmented Reality
---

> After adding the script tag to your app, the methods for creating the Augmented Reality experience will be available through the `R2U` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After adding the dependency to your app, the methods for creating the Augmented Reality experience will be available through the `R2U` object.
```
